fix: (storage) data type change for retention_period (#14442)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/guides/version_7_upgrade.html.markdown

## Resources

## Resource: `google_storage_bucket`

### `retention_period` changed to `string` data type

> `retention_period` now changed to `string` data type to handle higher values for bucket retention period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`retention_period` was changed to the [`string` data type](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/expressions/types#string) to handle higher values for the bucket's retention period.

Terraform [Type Conversion](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/expressions/types#type-conversion) will handle the change automatically for most configurations, and they will not need to be modified.

To reflect the new type explicitly, surround the current integer value in quotes, i.e. `retention_period = 10` -> `retention_period = "10"`.
```
